Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now with this short lecture we're going to look at how to remove all instances of a specific value from
a list using a while loop.
So previously we used to remove method to remove a specific value from alecks.
This worked well because we only wanted to remove one specific value from a list.
But what if we want to remove all instances of a value from a list.
How would we go about that.
Well let's take a look.
OK Commons.
And now let's create a list that we want remove items from LET'S GO books.
So we haven't been following and following along and should be very obvious by now that I am a mass
of Buchler.
So let's go.
OK so let me just look across my bookshelf now and have a look at some books are going.
OK so let's go big data and all of these books I highly recommend you read.
So big data.
And let's have a look.
Checklists
what else.
And the firm
now because in this list we are going to remove specific values.
What I want to do is I want to put a few repeating so after my next book I'm going to start adding in
some duplications.
So let's have a look one more book in here and let's see what we have.
We have Teslas biography so let's go to Tesla.
OK.
Now out of this list which do I like the least when I can tell you it's the.
Sorry if the author happens to be watching this video but it's true.
So the firm let's just add in a new new lubrication to the fan.
OK so we consider that the firm has been duplicated three times just for clarity.
Let's print out our list.
Print books.
Let's run that.
OK so there we go.
And we can see the firm Debt-Free times.
OK and let me just remove this print statement.
So while the firm
is in box so very easy to read this line here.
So while the firm is in books books that remove
the firm OK.
Still very easy to read print books and let's see what we get.
Now there we go.
Excellent.
A quick and simple way to remove all instances of a set of the same value from a list.
OK.
I hope you follow along with that lecture.
And as always if you have any questions please reach out to me.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.